added zero-to-hero docs for twitter dapp (#86)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/zero-to-hero/twitter-dapp/ProjectSetup.md

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction
displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

> **Zero to Hero tutorial** is your chance to build a fully decentralized twitter app under minutes using the Subsocial Starter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Zero to Hero tutorial** is your chance to build a fully decentralized twitter app in minutes using the Subsocial Starter.
```

Reviewer: or "in under __ minutes"
30 minutes? 60 minutes?

:::info Tip

> It's recommended to follow the steps as you read, tweet about your journey to invite people to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to follow the steps as you read and tweet about your journey to invite others as well.
```

:::

### So what are we going to build? 🧐

> A decentralized twitter that makes your users own the content they create, audience they engage, manage follow / followings and go live instantly :D

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decentralized twitter that lets your users own their social connections and content they create :D
```

> #### Sign-in using [Polkadot.js wallet](https://polkadot.js.org/extension/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sign-in using the [Polkadot.js wallet](https://polkadot.js.org/extension/)
```

#### See feed / posts of a space 

#### Tweet, Like, View Profiles

### In case you face some issues 🐞

> If you face any issues, doubts or have any questions for us. Feel free to chat with us:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you face any issues, doubts, or have any questions for us, feel free to chat with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/WPdjvs5uWJ) and [Telegram](https://t.me/+ZzvLu0ZfkQwxNGQy).
```

> - Discord Channel: [#developers](https://discord.gg/WPdjvs5uWJ)

Reviewer: delete

> - Telegram Channel: [Subsocial Devs](https://t.me/+ZzvLu0ZfkQwxNGQy)

Reviewer: delete
